welcome to mainland sidle sinners new
vehicle Department we're gonna look at a
2012 r2 Kant mud Pro 700 i Ltd this is
the ltd model the ltd model comes with
heavy duty bumper front and rear fully
independent suspension power steering
has a winch install from the factory has
28 inch tall tires on the 14-inch alloy
wheels
maxi's mud Zillah tires big heavy duty
front bumper there has a snorkel air
intake there's a wedge in the roller
fairlead disc brakes all the way around
with stainless braided brake lines full
foot boards has digital instrumentation
there's your digital speedometer with
your ignition switch right there that
has a speedometer odometer clock trip
meter tells you gear position fuel gauge
and all that relevant information there
there's your left hand handlebar control
you've got your winch in and out there
reverse override overrides the reverse
limiter you push and hold that button
engine kill you start button and then
headlights low beam and high beam and
then you've got your front brake lever
there this is your right hand handlebar
control you've got throttle you've got
full wheel drive a two wheel drive full
wheel drive and then the lock there got
storage compartment here open like that
here's your gear selector it's an
automatic transmission I think I said
that you got low high neutral and
reverse now the important thing about
the mud pros is these are revered in the
transmission to support these larger
tires so not a real high top speed on
this model but it's going to give you
lots of power and torque down low for
really going through the nasty stuff
it's got the front and rear racks with
the artic cat speed rack system the
guarded cat has some accessories that
easily adapt onto these racks with the
speed rack system there's a look at your
rear heavy-duty bumper there's your
2-inch receiver on the back just plug a
drawbar into it this has got beautiful
paint black metallic on the front and
the Arctic candy Green on the back dual
headlights does have a snorkel air
intake there's your snorkel well there
you have it
2012 artic cat mud Pro 700 ltd we have
this in stock at mainland cycle centre
we are located about 30 minutes south of
downtown Houston just off the i-45 our
website is mainland cycle center comm
our phone number is four oh nine nine
four eight four nine six nine give us a
call shoot us an email we'll be happy to
help thanks for watching